<#!! book/template.html !!#>

--CONTENT--

<div class="chapter-title">About This Book</div>

The Distributed Guide is a map of the world of distributed computation.
The goal is to be the guide that I personally wish existed when I first
started my journey of learning. The guide not only introduces concepts but
helps link them to related ideas as well as give you a map of where each
individual piece fits in and gives a view in how these algorithms and
ideas work together.

## Who this guide is for

This guide is intended for developers with an understanding of the basics and
whom are comfortable working in a single-application environment who are
interested in the mechanics and workings of distributed computing. A guide
such as this is not required to effectively use distributed applications
(such as a distributed database). However if your wish is to develop your
own distributed system (such as a database), then this is a good starting
point to understand what is required of you.

## Pre-Requisites

Before starting this book, you should be comfortable with programming applications on a single
machine. This guide will attempt to be as language agnostic as possible and will use a pseudo
language for any examples (although specific open source projects may be linked). It would also be
helpful (but not required) to be familiar with at least one concurrent programming model as well
as network programming (such as talking to an external web-service).

## How to read this guide

Each chapter of this guide is intentionally small and bite-sized. This is ideal if you
only have a little bit of time and still want to read about an entire concept.

The guide is broken into chapters that can generally be read serially. Each chapter
is broken down into 3 parts: **prerequisites**, **topic information**, and
**further reading**.

The **prerequisites** section will let you know what
concepts, if any, the topic builds upon. This section will contain links
to other portion of the guide that should be read before, or alongside, the
current chapter.

The **topic information** section is the bulk of the chapter and contains
mostly what you would expect, the actual content.

The **further reading** section contains two possible bits of information. The
first is a list of topics that build upon the current chapter (i.e. chapters in
which the pre-requisites include the _current_ chapter). The second bit of
information may include related links such as YouTube videos, research papers,
open source projects, etc.


## Error, corrections, and additions

If you find errors, have corrections and / or additions; you can find this project
on [GitHub][1]. Please [open an issue][2] for what you would like to see. At this moment
the project is _not_ receiving pull requests, but will once the guide has reached a
higher level of maturity.




  [1]: https://github.com/JohnMurray/distributed-guide
  [2]: https://github.com/JohnMurray/distributed-guide/issues/new
